you
[Music]
I am in Jackson Hole Wyoming for his
name called of occurence
[Music]
it's where I want to run designers it's
at Agra first creative people get
together and like see and hang out and
like all your awesome processing there's
flooding going on right now
quick quick thing the power went out
today so the ski slope are completely
closed all the cabins on oh no power
[Music]
house there's been interesting and
asking day but we just want to sweat a
little bit
so things Phelps get real there's John
right now
how's it going John oh there's Timmy
[Music]
I'm about to go down the hill I'm
excited I'm terrified
[Music]
John is on top of a elk that is
completely covered in snow what are you
doing ready yeah
born ready okay you won't do it I'm
gonna do it you're break the window this
really pisses it you look mad oh I'm one
and done baby
this is where everyone comes together
into that night but it's very dark
because our result
me too me and John are actually about to
go up there and do a little pot full
Fiona get a good wall of everyone this
is all epic ran see look how beautiful
just finish up the panel singing how'd
it go good go home yeah yes kidding very
clearly Oh Timmy telling good so good
you might not recognize this dude last
time he was on my channel he had black
hair I done did died it died it it's
lookin pretty fire but we've had such a
fun time at epic current we
unfortunately did not get to ski or
snowboard because of the chaos that was
the power line situation but you have
fun so me a lot of dope people and just
to remind you John what do you do with
who are you
I am a youtuber I'm a skateboarder do
daily vlogs on YouTube yes yeah yes and
so he was in New York recently and we
did a Q&A on his channel and it was so
fun and I enjoyed it so I would why not
do a Q&A I asked questions on Twitter
and it's a topical Q&A so it's about
friendship and like work life YouTube
life something and how they correlate
with each other and relate best people
you have met through YouTube like we're
your best homies that you have met
because my gosh YouTube set honestly so
many people so I want to skate company
called or buy skateboards it's a
skateboard deck company and everyone
I've met through YouTube that's are
going to juice the company and there's
like 10 amazing best friends that I have
now all introduced me to and your people
do I mean thank you
I guess you're OK nice but best though
I'll just say the New York City crew you
got Craig Adams you got Sam Shepard yeah
Eric Conover do you hang out with
friends who aren't creative or hang out
with friends without vlogging / doing
creative work this is something you
actually talk about a lot
I do have friends like that but I will
be honest I don't
as much time with them yes hi
progressing you might graduate from high
school in college you get more busy and
your time becomes more precious and
especially when you fall into something
you truly love to do as a career and
work and when you're so busy with work
and other things you just you really
value the relationships you hope close
to and those usually tend to be people
who are on the same wavelength as you
when it comes to creativity when it
comes to like around just other things
and so the relationships that you have
to work harder for it to keep up with I
feel like kind of just fade and I might
retain lame but you probably want to be
surrounded by people who are motivating
and inspiring to use it again yeah yeah
no because that's that's just like
healthy for your person and so um I know
I probably have maybe like two high
school friends how to keep up with I
just think are like hilarious human
being um so I hang out them but they
still have the commonality of life
they're in the entertainment industry
and they we have a real conversation and
that's really I mean you have a clearer
vision of what you want in the future
and you kind of build relationships
accordingly and if all relationships
that people grow apart from you grow in
a different direction and you then you
take the necessary steps yeah just just
letting it go yeah that way yeah and
it's like hard to say that without
something mean it is but let me have a
head longer sir exactly this has nothing
to do with fresh elphic yeah do you guys
have tattoos if you don't what would you
get tattooed nice cuz we actually we
actually have a conversation we did yeah
I don't have any tattoos I have no idea
what I would get I almost feel like I
wouldn't get anything to your
significant they gotta get like
something that just looks really cool
because I can't I'm out my opinions and
Van chases the sin line tattoos okay I
think this is you I would really get
like a word or something like small on
my arm but like yo I would get yo but if
my grandpa is watching right now dad
evil
I don't want tattoos they're terrible
that's horrible of you for even to talk
about I know there's a good juicy one do
it that's a good juicy one what yeah
what is the friendzone oh you never
travel down the friendzone those are the
true light
yeah friendzone it's like hanging out
with the go right you dig in ER or vice
versa maybe their way but the other one
doesn't quite give you the same way so
that person friends them the other
person and a lot of people get shot in
the oh let's get deep into it cuz you
can get deep you have so many stories
about the princess okay this is a topic
for an entirely different video because
I could talk forever about it so I would
actually make sure it's up to what y'all
opinions are I am a girl who likes
things typically more guys with like so
I have encountered the thing where I
want to be friends with a guy but he
wants to be more so how I approached it
is kind of like this friendship is dope
I'm going to make the most of it while
it lasts
hopefully the left forever and ever and
ever but that's always in the back of my
mind is like ah what is this would
happen and like ruin this friendship we
just go from you know I don't really can
you be long-term good friends with the
opposite sex and like that will last for
a very long time yeah I used to think
the people who said that to single
people cannot be best friends with
opposite sex without like feelings
complicated I used to think that's bull
crap a guy and a girl can be friends
come on now yes excellent
so older I got into more situations I
encountered I realized that it is nearly
impossible to be BFF with the opposite
sex or whatever surgeries yeah to single
people and for there not to be emotions
that complicate it on either side row
which I know a lot of people don't hear
because that used to be me because I
would be BFFs with all the guys and that
was like threatening to me because I was
like what do you mean like everything's
good she is fine but all you get you
realize that feeling
always mess things up sure or not
messing fun this is so important are you
ready
I've got nervous do you guys like sour
for regular gummy worms more I needed
some type of a sudden sour or right you
go first I need time to think about this
I can't believe you just fried the
dollar that was so easy for me
sour gummy sour actually really got it
major medicine worst we talked a lot
about these friends on in this city and
how much it almost doesn't exist and
every time I have a guy on my channel I
have to make a video explaining we are
just friends so it's almost like
contradictory it's almost like two ideas
clashing each other but on topic I feel
like we should tell the Internet
okay they're probably thinking about
what other probably think yeah they're
immediately like oh do I know Tom yeah
alright ready born ready
John is not a friend he's my boyfriend
anyways John and I did a Q&A over on his
channel a month ago and he was in New
York and we answered a lot of fantastic
questions that you guys asked and also I
just felt my Belize videos you can watch
it here and then watched John's video
here pick up subscribe button if you
have not yet let me know if you like
this video
Jamie hey okay bye